DESCRIPTION
Experimental data used to create regression models of appliances energy use in a low energy building.
SUMMARY
Experimental data used to create regression models of appliances energy use in a low energy building.# Source:
Luis Candanedo, luismiguel.candanedoibarra '@' umons.ac.be, University of Mons (UMONS).

Data Set Information:
The data set is at 10 min for about 4.5 months. The house temperature and humidity conditions were monitored with a ZigBee wireless sensor network. Each wireless node transmitted the temperature and humidity conditions around 3.3 min. Then, the wireless data was averaged for 10 minutes periods. The energy data was logged every 10 minutes with m-bus energy meters. Weather from the nearest airport weather station (Chievres Airport, Belgium) was downloaded from a public data set from Reliable Prognosis (rp5.ru), and merged together with the experimental data sets using the date and time column. Two random variables have been included in the data set for testing the regression models and to filter out non predictive attributes (parameters).
For more information about the house, data collection, R scripts and figures, please refer to the paper and to the following github repository:

Attribute Information:
date time 
year-month-day
hour:minute:second
Appliances, energy use in Whlights,
energy use of light fixtures in the house in WhT1,
Temperature in kitchen area, in CelsiusRH_1,
Humidity in kitchen area, in %T2,
Temperature in living room area, in CelsiusRH_2,
Humidity in living room area, in %T3,
Temperature in laundry room areaRH_3,
Humidity in laundry room area, in %T4
Temperature in office room, in CelsiusRH_4,
Humidity in office room, in %T5, 
Temperature in bathroom, in CelsiusRH_5,
Humidity in bathroom, in %T6,
Temperature outside the building (north side), in CelsiusRH_6,
Humidity outside the building (north side), in %T7,
Temperature in ironing room , in CelsiusRH_7,
Humidity in ironing room, in %T8,
Temperature in teenager room 2, in CelsiusRH_8,
Humidity in teenager room 2, in %T9,
Temperature in parents room, in CelsiusRH_9,
Humidity in parents room, in %To,
Temperature outside (from Chievres weather station), in CelsiusPressure
(from Chievres weather station), in mm HgRH_out,
Humidity outside (from Chievres weather station), in %Wind speed
(from Chievres weather station),in m/sVisibility
(from Chievres weather station), in kmTdewpoint
(from Chievres weather station), °Crv1,
Random variable 1,
nondimensionalrv2,
Random variable 2,
nondimensional
Where indicated, hourly data (then interpolated) from the nearest airport weather station (Chievres Airport, Belgium) was downloaded from a public data set from Reliable Prognosis, rp5.ru. Permission was obtained from Reliable Prognosis for the distribution of the 4.5 months of weather data.

Relevant Papers:
Luis M. Candanedo, Veronique Feldheim, Dominique Deramaix, Data driven prediction models of energy use of appliances in a low-energy house, Energy and Buildings, Volume 140, 1 April 2017, Pages 81-97, ISSN 0378-7788, .

Citation Request:
Luis M. Candanedo, Veronique Feldheim, Dominique Deramaix, Data driven prediction models of energy use of appliances in a low-energy house, Energy and Buildings, Volume 140, 1 April 2017, Pages 81-97, ISSN 0378-7788, .

Source: http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Appliances+energy+prediction
